fix(parser): should parse Fragment syntax correct (#5938)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/warm-streets-think.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fix the parse error when the `JsxElementName` is `JSXMemberExpression`, and a `JsLogicalExpreesion` before it without semicon.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Fix a parsing error when a `JsxElementName` is `JsxMemberExpression`, and a `JsLogicalExpreesion` before it without a semicolon.
```

Author: done

> The following case will not throw error:

Reviewer: very nit:
```suggestion
The following case will now not throw error:
```

Author: done
